Interpreting user needs should have a foundation of effective communication. Interpretation of the users needs to come from a place of being non bias. Creating user stories from factual feedback and not from tampering with feedback will allow for the user stories to be authentic. The interpretation needs to find the root of the needs. The root could be improving the interface to be more user friendly, productivity, addition of a section that might be missing in the program that was assumed to be there for the user. User stories simplify the requirements of the users needs into a categorized and organized set of tasks. The ultimate goal is to make sure that the user has their needs met and the expectations are met as well. 
	When creating a program, the first task would be to determine the final goal of the program. There might be several goals that are to be obtained, but it would be best to organize those goals into an understandable layout. The organization of these goals is done through a design layout documents which will highlight the most important aspects of the software being developed. Each portion of the program needs to be able to have an agile approach from progress updates, testing, iterative improvements, to feedback from myself and other team members. Overall the most important aspects would be having a functioning and clean code, testing occurs form the earliest stages of development to the end, and modularity. This will allow for improvements and changes consistently. Implementing CI/CD is crucial as well to allow for the agile workflow to be more streamlined. 
	Being a good team member in software development in my humble opinion, is about respecting your team members, transparent communication, equal contribution to development, offering advice and help to those in need, accepting ownership of downfalls and set backs and offering correction. All of these variables will allow a team to collaborate effectively and deliver a high quality end product. The goal is for the team to have success and I feel these qualities will give that desired result. 
